(Tech) improve test strategy documentation (#680)
pass-culture/pass-culture-app-native: doc/standards/testStrategy.md

})
```

## renderAPI

When calling `render`, you will get a `renderAPI` object

### Avoid `console` within tests

These are tips to avoid `console` within your tests.

> - Use `queryBy` methods when it should be falsy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use `queryBy` methods to test the inexistence of an element.
```

- Use `getBy` methods when you know it's truthy
- To avoid `act` warnings:
  - try to add `await superFlushWithAct()`, and pass a `number` greater than `10` *(default)* to flush more promises

>   - try to use `waitFor` or `waitForExpect`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - try to use `waitForExpect` each time you anticipate expectations that should be made after the execution of asynchrone actions.
```

>   - try to use `await act(async () => something)` before expecting

Reviewer: Nope 
```suggestion
```

## Test cook book

### Date

> We use `TZ=UTC` environment variable so every serialized date are in UTC to prevent environment conflict.

You can mock the result of `new Date()` as follows:

```tsx
const Today = new Date(2020, 10, 1)

describe('Favorites reducer', () => {
  beforeAll(() => {
    mockdate.set(Today)
  })
})
```

### Authentication with `authContext`

To test as an authenticated person, you can mock `useAuthContext` as follows:

```tsx
import { useAuthContext } from 'features/auth/AuthContext'
jest.mock('features/auth/AuthContext')
const mockUseAuthContext = useAuthContext as jest.MockedFunction<typeof useAuthContext>
// ... and then within each test
mockUseAuthContext.mockReturnValue({ isLoggedIn, setIsLoggedIn: jest.fn() })
```

Don't forget to use `afterEach(jest.clearAllMocks)` to clear mocks after each test.

### Navigation

To test our `navigate` call, we can do: 

```jsx
it('should navigate to the previous when back navigation triggered', () => {
    const { getByTestId } = render(<SetBirthday />)
    fireEvent.press(getByTestId('leftIcon'))

    expect(goBack).toBeCalledTimes(1)
})
```

> If `act` warnings appear, try to use `await superFlushWithAct(times)` or wrap the `expect` around `waitForExpect/waitFor`: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `act` warnings appear, try to use `await superFlushWithAct(times)` or wrap the `expect` around `waitForExpect`: 
```
